Standardize TRE identifiers (#176)
microsoft/AzureTRE: docs/quickstart.md

Copy [/templates/core/terraform/.env.sample](../templates/core/terraform/.env.sample) to `/templates/core/terraform/.env` and set values for all variables:

- `TF_VAR_address_space` - Address space for the Azure TRE core virtual network

> - `TF_VAR_tre_id` - Globally unique identifier, `tre_id` can be found in the resource names of the Azure TRE instance; for example a `tre_id` of `mytre-dev-3142` will result in a resource group name for Azure TRE instance of `rg-mytre-dev-3142`. This must me less than 12 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TF_VAR_tre_id` - Globally unique identifier, `tre_id` can be found in the resource names of the Azure TRE instance; for example, a `tre_id` of `mytre-dev-3142` will result in a resource group name for Azure TRE instance of `rg-mytre-dev-3142`. This must be less than 12 characters (Alphanumeric, underscore, and hyphen allowed).
```
